Update dump-restore docs (#11743)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/export-import/_includes/tools_restore.md

`--restore-indexes VAL`: Enables/disables import of indexes, 1 (yes) or 0 (no), defaults to 1. If set to 0, the import won't either register secondary indexes in the data schema or populate them with data.

`--restore-acl VAL`: Enables/disables import of ACL and owner, 1 (yes) or 0 (no), defaults to 1.

`--dry-run`: Matching the data schemas in the database and file system without updating the database, 1 (yes) or 0 (no), defaults to 0. When enabled, the system checks that:

- All tables in the file system are present in the database
- These items are based on the same schema, both in the file system and in the database

`--save-partial-result`: Save the partial import result. If disabled, an import error results in reverting to the database state before the import.

> `--import-data`: Use ImportData - a more efficient way to upload data. ImportData will throw an error if you try to upload data into an existing table that has secondary indexes or is in the process of building them. If you need to restore a table with secondary indexes, make sure it's not already present in the scheme. By default ImportData is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--import-data`: Use ImportData – a more efficient method to upload data. ImportData will throw an error if you try to upload data into an existing table that has secondary indexes or is in the process of building them. If you need to restore a table with secondary indexes, make sure it's not already present in the scheme. By default ImportData is disabled.
```

> `--import-data`: Use ImportData – a more efficient method to upload data. ImportData will throw an error if you try to upload data into an existing table that has secondary indexes or is in the process of building them. If you need to restore a table with secondary indexes, make sure it's not already present in the scheme. By default ImportData is disabled.

Reviewer 2: This needs a link to some description of this ImportData and what it does.

Author: added a more specific description

> `--import-data`: Use ImportData – a more efficient method to upload data. ImportData will throw an error if you try to upload data into an existing table that has secondary indexes or is in the process of building them. If you need to restore a table with secondary indexes, make sure it's not already present in the scheme. By default ImportData is disabled.

Reviewer 2: "make sure it's not already present":
- How to check? (needs a link/example)
- What happens if it was present?
- Why is it not done automatically?

Author: * added a link to `ydb scheme ls` command
* the restore process will return an error 
* not sure, but I suggest we may stick with the description of the current behavior here, and discuss enhancing it with the development team

```bash
{{ ydb-cli }} -p quickstart tools restore -p dir1/dir2 -i ~/backup_quickstart --dry-run
```

### Recommended options for better performance

```bash

> {{ ydb-cli }} -p quickstart tools restore -p . -i . --import-data --bandwidth=1GiB

Reviewer 2: Why does limited bandwidth improve performance?

Author: If the `--bandwidth` is specified, the `--rps` limit is not applied. The default `--rps` limit is 30, and it doesn't allow restore to be fast enough.

Changed the text accordingly.

> {{ ydb-cli }} -p quickstart tools restore -p . -i . --import-data --bandwidth=1GiB

Reviewer 2: Why does this example use different placeholder values for `-p` and `-i` compared to existing ones? If they don't matter, let's make the examples consistent.

Reviewer 2: I suggest making them consistent across the whole document unless there's a specific reason not to.

Author: I suppose this example is consistent with the very first examples. I think here's no point emphasizing that one may specify `-p` and `-i` parameters here
